okay guys let's start loading to get
that Jam don't touch the slime some
cable and give the gym void the slime
headed this pile of bones right here
you're gonna want that sword
don't don't search for watch what
happens yeah another slime let's and
here we have a dwarf is actually making
a gem that you need but when you go to
talk to him he pretty much tells you go
yourself
so I'm leaving alone for now we'll head
along here this is our first goblin
fight
it's one of the two ever it may have
mixed those guys up but anyways these
guys use swords that are been more
aggressive but on that the older that's
the same thing he just cut him down
basic stuff actually
so we'll slap around for a while my
sword see actually swingfest with an
elven sword it's really nice and fights
he'll drop to the ground and we'll head
through this home now in this hallway
there's a bunch of Will O the wisps
they're living fireballs almost and
that's where that scroll that you got in
the first level comes in ad get close
then believe it or not the first time I
went to this dungeon I didn't realize I
had to do that so the entire time these
guys were chasing me throughout the
Dutch and kicking my ass here we've got
the merchants
now this greedy bastards gonna charge
you 100 gold for a potion that doesn't
last that long
so you tell him to go shove it then talk
to him again I'll charge you 84 now you
take it from a friend my ass cretin
bastard okay thanks true
now we'll actually see the got one game
or orky actually no I think those guys
are goblins actually
dodge their swings again now these guys
are actually a lot more impressive but
the fights are gonna take time
what how similar it is if you put the
right music in huh I'm now going to go
back because I need to apparently go
take a nap because this old bastard
needs it does this look at my helmets
it's nothing so I'm gonna head back to
the hay okay while I'm here it may as
well make that other chip see you gotta
take the stone and set on the ground you
gotta set it on the ground lure the
slime over there drop it and let it melt
it so you get the chin now I have to the
third one that dwarf is making but he's
being a douche bag so I'll have deeded
the dust of compliance on it which I
picked up off one of those goblins am
now going to go settle that score with
the king now let's do this
no get back in there here we go again
are you bastard each force teach him to
spite me
okay now this is where the water comes
in handy I mean even though he's a
douchebag you gotta give them the water
because besides the fact that he gives
you a key he also gives you a bit of
information on how to get out of this
level that moves me I just kicked him on
the head for left alright now let's go
get that last Jim I'm not gonna go in
that room with the slime in the back I
don't want to die again okay I'm in here
alright now I'm gonna take a nap before
I die give it a minute and see this is
the main way you don't get information
on your story it's you know he lies down
and has some pretty fucked-up nightmares
sometimes both of the night lay down you
rest you regain your thoughts now about
that dwarf let's go over there and see
if he's changed his mind at all I'll
talk with them Hey look at that he tells
us to go ourselves again well you
know what buddy Puckett's and give me
that Jim now that potion I bought from
that merchant is actually an anti slime
potion you know just you put it on your
boots
you don't you know get melted so I'm
gonna use it now through the back bounce
off my head like always okay here we
have the last row
now you got a please these chimps just
write over all these three triangles let
me try this
doesn't that mean a Triforce okay guys
that wraps it up hope you enjoyed my
review see you my next game
you